net/developer-guide/working-with-xbrl-and-ixbrl-files/read-xbrl-and-ixbrl-files/_index.md, before:

---
title: Read XBRL and iXBRL files
type: docs
weight: 20
url: /net/read-xbrl-and-ixbrl-files/
---

## **Read XBRL instance file**
Aspose.Finance supports reading XBRL documents. For this, you can use the [XbrlDocument](https://apireference.aspose.com/finance/net/aspose.finance.xbrl/xbrldocument) class by passing the name of a valid XBRL instance file as a parameter.

The following code snippet demonstrates reading an XBRL instance document.

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "d3d183d03a9cc8e4ce248a95919a6cff" "ReadXbrlDocument.cs" >}}
## **Read iXBRL file**
Aspose.Finance supports reading iXBRL instance documents. For this, the API provides the [InlineXbrlDocument](https://apireference.aspose.com/finance/net/aspose.finance.xbrl.inline/inlinexbrldocument) class. The constructor of the [InlineXbrlDocument](https://apireference.aspose.com/finance/net/aspose.finance.xbrl.inline/inlinexbrldocument) class accepts the name of a valid iXBRL file.

The following code snippet demonstrates reading an iXBRL instance document.

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "d3d183d03a9cc8e4ce248a95919a6cff" "ReadIxbrlDocument.cs" >}}

Commit message:

Optimized title, content, heading and description

net/developer-guide/working-with-xbrl-and-ixbrl-files/read-xbrl-and-ixbrl-files/_index.md, after:

---
title: Read XBRL and iXBRL files in C#
linktitle: Read XBRL and iXBRL files
type: docs
weight: 20
url: /net/read-xbrl-and-ixbrl-files/
description: C# Finance Library API supports reading XBRL and iXBRL files, for more information, please see the code provided in this article. 
---

## **Read XBRL instance file in C#**
Aspose.Finance supports reading XBRL documents. For this, you can use the [XbrlDocument](https://apireference.aspose.com/finance/net/aspose.finance.xbrl/xbrldocument) class by passing the name of a valid XBRL instance file as a parameter.

The following C# code snippet demonstrates reading an XBRL instance document.

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "d3d183d03a9cc8e4ce248a95919a6cff" "ReadXbrlDocument.cs" >}}
## **Read iXBRL file in C#**
Aspose.Finance supports reading iXBRL instance documents. For this, the API provides the [InlineXbrlDocument](https://apireference.aspose.com/finance/net/aspose.finance.xbrl.inline/inlinexbrldocument) class. The constructor of the [InlineXbrlDocument](https://apireference.aspose.com/finance/net/aspose.finance.xbrl.inline/inlinexbrldocument) class accepts the name of a valid iXBRL file.

The following C# code snippet demonstrates reading an iXBRL instance document.

{{< gist "aspose-com-gists" "d3d183d03a9cc8e4ce248a95919a6cff" "ReadIxbrlDocument.cs" >}}
